Hello my friends all right.
Let's see if you got this right.
So I asked you at the end of the previous tutorial to implement yourself the data pricing phase for
this logistic regression model and now we're about to implement that solution together.
All right.
So what did we have to do.
Well first the first natural step was to go to our data pricing template to grab all the essential tools
which are indeed.
Well the first steps of the data pricing phase so let's do this.
That's the first thing you were supposed to do.
So copying this cell and then I'm basing it right here in a new code cell for importing the libraries.
There we go.
First step.
Done now to import the data set while same let's go to our data processing template which indeed is
meant for us to be efficient.
So I'm copying this and then we'll see what we have to replace.
But once again it is supposed to help you so that you don't have to do much.
All right.
So just pasted it and let's do you know just for less tip of the data pressing phase you know in any
situation regardless of whether or not is needed feature scaling.
All right.
So let's take that cell here and let's copy that right here in a new Kotel.
So that's the first essential steps you know which happened most of the time when building a machine
learning model.
All right so now next step what do we have to change inside this data repressing phase.
Well let's take it step by step first step.
Of course we don't have anything to change.
Now let's see second step.
Well there you go of course here we have to change the name of the data set.
It is not data that that to be but it is now social network adds that CSB.
So let's do this let's just replace this.
That was what you had to do next.
Social network on this court adds that C is V.
And now next question.
Do we have to change anything here.
Well of course the answer is no no because this data repressing template was meant for you to not have
to change anything in most situations as long as of course you make sure that in your data set you have
the features in the first columns you know these are the two features here and the dependent variable
in the last column.
And since this automatically select all the columns except the last one and this automatically selects
the last column.
And this of course regardless of the number of features you have in your dataset set.
Well there you go.
This will simply select the age and salary in the matrix of features.
And this line will simply select Well the dependent variable in a nice one dy vector.
All right.
So there you go.
That was the reason why I said it was so easy.
You only had to change the name of the dataset here social network ad starts yes.
Okay.
And actually picking up the dataset now that we have the code to import it.
Well let's not forget to upload it in a notebook because in this same tutorial we will actually run
these four cells.
But before this.
Make sure to finish implementing them.
So here we are connecting to a runtime to enable file browsing and in a second.
There you go.
Which should have the upload button.
So now we're going to click it to find our whole machine learning.
It is that folder and we're going to go inside and we're going to go to part three classification then
Section 14 logistic regression python.
And we're going to select our social network at data set.
It is exactly the same with of course the h here the estimated salary and the purchase columns.
There we go.
Let's click open it is going to upload it in our notebook as we go into here.
There you go.
Perfect.
We have it.
So now we're ready to import it.
But first I want to finish the implementation of this therapy pressing phase.
So let's move on here to the next step splitting the data set into the training set and test set and
here do we have anything to change.
Well there you go again of course.
No it is not compulsory to change anything here.
This will automatically create your training set and the test set out of the whole dataset.
You know the whole dataset composed of the matrix of features x and the dependent variable back to Y.
We're going to do some prints right to show you everything because then you know the next step is to
apply feature scaling.
And before we get to this.
Well I just would like to change something here.
But again that was absolutely not necessary.
You could truly live it like that.
But I just want to change the test size because since actually we have four hundred observations in
total you know we have 400 customers in this dataset.
Well you know if we choose a test size of all point twenty five it will be nice because we will have
actually 300 customers in the training set and 100 tumors in the test.
Right.
We'll have nice round numbers.
So just exceptionally here I usually recommend indeed open to as a test site but open 25 is actually
totally fine.
You will see that we will totally be able to train our logistic regression model in the future classification
models on this dataset with 300 observations in the training set.
Okay.
So open 25 is totally fine.
We will have a nice training set of 300 customers and one nice test set of 100 customers.
So there you go.
Now we can move on to the next step.
Feature scaling.
Okay.
All right.
So first of all let me explain the why why do we have to apply features scaling here.
Well that's very simple is actually not required for logistic regression.
However still applying it will improve the training performance and therefore it will also improve the
final predictions.
So you have to understand that for some morals like as we are features killing is an absolute necessity.
However for other models like logistic regression it is not a necessity.
However still applying it will improve the training performance and therefore the final predictions.
So that's the why we're playing it.
But you can totally implement the same without feature scaling.
All right.
So now that we covered the way let's proceed to the how how we're going to implement features getting
here.
Well there is nothing more simple things to our data processing toolkit which I have to put here.
And if you haven't.
Well grab it in part 1 data pricing and now in our toolkit we're going to scroll down to the bottom
to find that feature scanning tool which is actually the last one.
Right here it is.
That's feature scaling.
So here we go.
Let's grab it.
No you just have to grab the first cell.
Implementing the tool.
And now let's go back to our logistic regression implementation.
Let's create a new code cell here for feature scaling and let's paste it right inside.
All right.
And now the last step that you had to do was to figure out what to replace.
Here in this feature scaling implementation well here that's super easy.
We simply want to you know feature scale all the features we want to scale all the features we want
to scale age and salary and of course we don't have to scale the dependent variable per chased because
its values are 0 and 1 and therefore are already in the range of values we want.
So all go with this.
So basically we're only going to scale these two features age and estimated salary and therefore here
what we just had to do you know as replacement was just to remove that selection of the index indexes
here.
Here we selected old indexes starting from three.
But this time we don't have to do anything we can just scale the whole matrix of features.
So I'm just removing here the index selections and there you go.
We'll be ready to feature scale both our training set and our test it.
And I remind that this is absolutely compulsory to do this after splitting the data set into the training
set and to set in order to avoid information leakage from the test set.
All right.
So there you go my friends.
That was what you needed to do for data repressing congratulations if you've got the same thing don't
worry about that test size this is just for the form.
There you go.
This was simply what you had to do.
All right so now we're gonna do a few prints to actually see the before and after feature scaling.
So what I'm gonna do is right after this code cells bring the data set into the training center said.
I'm going to make four prints just to show you if you don't need to look at that well feel free not
to include these new CD sales but what I want to do is print first X train then I would like to print
y trains here by train then next one I would like to print x test.
And finally I would like to print well why test.
OK.
So that's an after feature scaling however we will just you know print to sales because we actually
don't apply feature Skilling to Y and therefore we'll just print first.
Well X train again and second X test.
Right.
Because these will be the only sets of data that will be changed.
All right.
Perfect.
Now let's execute everything.
We have the data set.
All good.
So let's do this starting by imploring the libraries library's good now importing the data set.
Great.
Now splitting the data set into the training set in the test set.
There we go.
All right.
Now let's print x train and see what it looks like.
Let's scroll down a bit.
All right.
That's extra N was first the Kong age in the age feature.
And second the column of the estimated salary the estimated salary future.
All right.
And of course we have 300 observations in this training set.
You don't have to count them.
But there you go.
We have many of them.
All right.
So now let's print why train it just to have a look at what we create.
You know this is not compulsory.
So that's why train with all the poor chaste decisions on the previous SUV zero means that the customer
did not buy any SUV and one means yes the customer but a previous SUV and now accessed scroll down a
bit.
Right.
Extend so same it contains 100 observations corresponds to one hundred customers.
And for each of them their age and their estimated salary.
And you know since x test is actually supposed to be some new data in production.
Well we're actually going to suppose that x test is actually the set of customers who purchased yes
or no the new SUV.
You know we're going to pretend that x test is actually some data when we deploy our model in production
so that we can evaluate it on the new observations many on the new customers buying Yes I know that
new SUV.
All right.
It's more fun if we imagine X does this way because it is indeed supposed to be some new observations.
And now why test.
Let's see.
All right and why test contains of course all the chaste decisions of the customers in this test.
Meaning whether or not they bought the new SUV.
All right.
Perfect.
So now let's apply feature scaling and let's see how extreme an excess are transformed.
All right.
So let's do this let's play.
And now let's print x train.
All right so now we have some scaled values between.
Well you know minus two and plus three.
You know this one is two point oh six minus one point seven.
Anyway should be somewhere between minus three and plus three.
Okay.
But now we can clearly see that we have both the two features in the same range the Transformers Age
and The transformed estimated salary are now indeed in the same range.
And that's exactly what we're supposed to get with feature scaling.
All right.
So now let's crawl down to print x test and the same we get the two features age and salary taking values
in the same range between somewhere around minus three and plus three.
So this will improve the training performance of joystick regression model.
Well you know for the training set of course only for the training set.
But then when we will deploy our model to predict whether the customers of the test set but yes or no
the new SUV Well we will have indeed to apply the predict method on these skilled values.
Otherwise operations will be nonsense.
Right.
The predict method has to be called on a set of features with the same scale as the one that was applied
during the training.
Okay perfect.
So now we can move on to the next exciting step.
I'm talking of course about the step where we build and train our logistic regression well on the training
set and we're going to do this of course with our best friend cycled learn which therefore leads you
to a new exercise.
I would like to figure out on your own how you can build and train that logistic regression model using
psychic turn and I encourage you to have a look at the API you know the whole cycling API to find the
class that allows us to build the logistic regression model and then I'm sure that you will know which
method to use to train this logistic regression model on the training set.
So please try to do it on your own and of course we will implement a solution together in a next tutorial.
And until then enjoy machine learning.